[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Welcome to House
of Well-being.
You're listening to the
releasing stress Mindtalk
audio.
In a moment the
hypnosis will begin.
But before it
does, I'd just like
to remind you that the
following audio contains
powerful hypnotic suggestions
aimed to help you reach
a deep level of relaxation.
So please be sure that wherever
you're listening to this audio,
you're in a safe and
comfortable place,
free from distractions, where
you can fully relax and let go.
Please don't listen to this
if you're driving or operating
machinery.
Should there be an emergency,
your subconscious mind
will alert you.
And you'll easily
come out of hypnosis.
But right now there's
nothing at all.
You need to do apart
from close your eyes,
relax, and let go, and really
enjoy the peaceful feelings
and benefits that come with it.
I'd like you now to
imagine that you're
in a beautiful garden
with colorful flowers
and immaculate, manicured lawns.
The sun is shining.
And the sky is a clear blue.
The temperature is
just how you like it.
And there's a cool breeze.
There's no pollen
in the air at all.
And you feel happy
and comfortable
in the clean, fresh, pure air.
You take a look around you
at all the beautiful colors.
And you hear the sounds of
the birds singing overhead.
You're calm and relaxed here.
And you feel safe and secure.
And I'd like you now to
take in a deep breath.
And as you breathe out, you can
relax deeper and deeper now.
You take a gentle walk
around the garden.
And you're barefoot as you walk.
You can feel the lush
green grass underfoot.
And you walk towards
some beautiful flowers.
And as you get
nearer, you can smell
their beautiful, fragrant scent.
The colors are magnificent,
and they grow brighter
as you approach them.
And now take in another
long, deep breath.
And as you inhale the
rich fragrant scent,
you relax even deeper as
you exhale, gently now.
You take another stroll
around the garden.
And you find a pathway
leading down to a beach.
You follow the path, stepping
down easily onto the wide steps
beneath you.
As you go deeper and deeper,
you relax more and more
with every step you take.
And you soon reach the
beautiful beach, which is empty.
And it has a golden sound,
like a fine powder underfoot.
You enjoy the feeling of soft,
powdery sand beneath your feet.
And you take a look
out at the horizon.
You take in the
vastness of the sea.
And you watch as the
waves rhythmically
roll in and out again, one after
the other, gentle, rhythmic
waves rolling towards the
beach and back out again,
the sound of the waves
peaceful and reassuring.
You feel a sense
of calm and peace
as the sun gently
shines down on you,
with a warm sea air
gently sweeping over you.
As you walk across the
beach, you feel your feet
sinking further into the sand,
leaving a delicate footprint
behind you as you walk onwards,
relaxing deeper and deeper
with every step you take.
And as you reach the sea's
edge, the waves gently rolling
in and out, you notice how
your feet sink down deeper
than before into the wet sand.
You feel the water gently
lap at your ankles.
And it's warm and inviting.
And so you let your toes test
the water with every wave that
rolls in and back out again.
And after a while,
when you're ready,
you walk back up the beach.
And there's a lovely deck
chair waiting just for you
on the sand under an
umbrella, offering
just the right amount of shade.
You take a seat.
And you relax deeply now.
You take a deep breath and take
in your beautiful surroundings
as you gently exhale now.
You look out at the
calming sea again.
And you notice the sky, a clear
blue sky without a cloud in it.
And you're feeling so
relaxed now as you sit
and relax comfortably and
deeply in your deck chair.
As you rest in that chair,
you can allow your mind
to imagine a staircase,
a beautiful staircase
with polished, ornate
banister running down
alongside a deep,
rich carpet that
feels soft to the touch
underneath your bare feet.
As you look down the
stairs, you notice
that there are 10 steps leading
gently down, 10 steps leading
gently down and down.
And these are the steps
that will lead you
into deep relaxation,
giving you access
to that powerful
subconscious, allowing
you to make those changes
that you want to make today.
In a moment I'd like you to
walk down those steps with me.
And I'll count them off
for you one at a time.
And you'll find that
the deeper down you go,
the more comfortable and the
more relaxed you will become.
So when you're ready to
walk down the stairs,
I want you to gently place
your hand onto the banister
and begin to slowly descend the
staircase as I count them off
from 10 to 1.
10.
Deeply relaxed,
deeply comfortable.
9.
Deeply relaxed,
deeply comfortable.
8.
More and more relaxed
now, sinking even further
into relaxation.
7.
Deeply comfortable, feeling
every muscle release
as you go deeper and deeper.
6.
5.
Even further into your deep
state of relaxation now.
4.
Allowing your mind and body to
fully relax as you sink further
into deep relaxation.
3.
Comfortable, heavy, any
tension completely gone now.
2.
Almost at the bottom now.
Just one more step to go.
And 1.
Going deeper and deeper
down into hypnosis.
All the way down to that
deeper, healthier level of mind,
deeper than you've ever been.
And as you reach the bottom
of the staircase letting
go of the banister, you let
go of any worries or concerns.
This is your time.
And you let nothing bother
or concern you at all.
Nobody needs or wants
anything from you.
And you're now standing at
the bottom of those steps,
feeling so very comfortable,
very relaxed and at peace.
You can allow those stairs and
that ordinary, everyday world
to just fade away, further
and further away now.
As you sit deeply into the
comfortable, relaxing state
deeply inside of you,
your subconscious
mind still fully
alert and aware.
But you're ready for the
changes about to come.
Now that you're in this
deeply relaxed state,
we're going to think
about the stress
that you've been experiencing.
And it may be that
you've been experiencing
a whole range of
conflicting emotions
and this imbalance
in your life has
been difficult to cope with.
But you've now decided it's
time to deal with these emotions
and to create emotional calmness
and, perhaps, find a better
way to manage stress levels.
Having made that decision, you
are already well on your way
to achieving your
goal because you
know that there are much better
ways of experiencing life,
ways that are far more
productive, far more
beneficial to you.
You know that where
one person may
be able to handle a
situation perfectly well,
another person may encounter
that exact same situation
and find it
incredibly stressful.
As I'm sure you're
already aware,
it all depends on
you and the thoughts
that you allow to dwell in
your mind and the meaning
you attribute to your
thoughts, your environment
and your experiences.
Your thoughts influence
the way that you feel.
And the way that
you feel determines
how you perceive your world.
But you are not your thoughts.
And these are mainly
thinking patterns
that have been repeated
over and over in your head
in order to form
a belief or habit.
So you recognize that you can
now replace your thoughts,
and more importantly,
control them
so you can cope with situations
in a much more stress-free way.
And it's because you really want
to enjoy your life to the full
that you've decided now to only
entertain positive thoughts
and emotions.
The negative ones
that have made you
feel angry, upset
or sad or anxious
are just not important
to you anymore.
And you've decided now is
the time to let them go.
You no longer want them.
You no longer need them.
Your mind rejects any and all
unpleasant, negative thoughts.
From now on, you're
going to reframe
the way you think about those
old stressful situations.
And you'll find that you can
soon change the way you feel.
Just like all living entities,
we're creatures of habit.
And this can be good, and
sometimes not so good,
depending on the habit that's
been allowed to develop.
Your emotions went through
a similar habitual pattern.
At first there was
the event, which
created a stressful
thought in your mind.
And the thought, in turn,
created an emotion, which
then resulted in a reaction.
And you've learned to repeat
that thinking pattern again
and again.
From now on, in any situation
that makes you feel stressed,
you now replace that thought.
You replace it with one
that fulfills your needs,
your desires, your wants.
And you work towards your goals.
You ensure you say something
positive to yourself
with energy and
meaning behind it,
breaking those negative
thinking patterns,
learning how to manage
the stress in life.
I'd like you now to have a
think about your main cause
of stress.
Have a think about what's
causing you the most
stress in your daily life.
It may be your workload,
your financial situation,
perhaps an argument with
a family member or friend,
or maybe an endless list of
things to do, remembering now
that where one person manages
a situation perfectly well,
another person feels an
overwhelming sense of stress.
The only difference
being one person
allows it to affect them.
And the other ensures
stress bounces off them.
And from now on, you ensure
that stress bounces off you.
And you can do this.
Your mind can do this.
It's simply practice.
Switching negative thinking to
positive over and over again
will retrain your thinking
pattern to do that.
I'd like now to imagine
a stressful situation.
Imagine something that's
caused you stress in the past.
So feel it.
See it.
Immerse yourself
in that situation,
knowing that you're
perfectly safe right now.
And as you're
visualizing, it I'd
like you to take
some deep breaths
and see yourself relaxing
and calmly handling
the situation, all
the time feeling
confident and in control.
You are thinking
positive thoughts
knowing that you'll handle the
situation just as you want to.
You're rational and in control.
You allow yourself
time to decompress,
time to allow your
mind to unwind, time
to recognize that you
don't have to be perfect.
You don't have to do everything
at once, preferring now
to take one day at a time,
helping you to feel calm
and relaxed each and every day.
I'd like you now to gather
up your stress, worries,
and anxieties from the
past and, one by one,
place them in a wooden box.
You no longer want to hold on
to those thoughts and concerns
as there's no looking
back and dwelling now.
See yourself placing that
wooden box into a fire.
Feel the heat.
See the glow of the fire.
You don't get too
close, but you watch
as the box and all your
worries and stresses simply
disintegrate, never
to be ignited again.
Take a moment now to watch
the box and all of your stress
and anxiety disappear.
You have taken control back.
And you're ready
to embrace tomorrow
with a fresh, positive mind,
feeling calm and relaxed,
taking each day one by one,
recognizing that stress
no longer serves you.
Now whenever you need to
feel calm and relaxed,
you immediately start deep
breathing long breaths
in and out to help
regulate your heartbeat.
To help regulate your oxygen
levels and your hormones,
you breathe in for
four, hold for four,
and simply exhale for six.
So do it with me now.
In for 1, 2, 3, 4.
Hold for 1, 2, 3, 4.
And slowly out for
1, 2 3, 4, 5, 6.
And over time, finding the
pace that's right for you
but knowing that you can trust
in this breathing technique.
In for four, hold for
four, and out for six.
And perhaps what you once
saw as a stressful situation
you now see as a challenge
you can overcome as you now
have the resilience you need
to get through this, taking
each day one at a time, feeling
more and more resilient,
having the ability now to bounce
back, to pick yourself up,
and succeed.
As you believe in
yourself, you believe
that you will tackle a new day
with new energy and optimism.
You're now striving in life.
You feel powerful,
confident, relaxed, and calm
and in control.
You don't allow any
more negative thinking
as you know this is
toxic to your behavior.
From now on, your thinking
is filled with positivity.
I'm excited.
I'm in control.
I'm able to manage
this situation.
I am strong, feeling calm and
relaxed more and more each
and every day.
These hypnotic
suggestions are now
embedded in your
subconscious mind.
And they'll become
more and more powerful
as the days and weeks go by.
And in a moment, I'm going
to count from one up to five
to awaken you.
And at the count of five, you'll
be wide awake, fully refreshed,
alert, and feeling
fantastic, bringing back
with you all the
wonderful new feelings.
Coming back now with
1, 2, 3, 4, and 5.
Eyes open when you're ready.